"And then not just only the speaker, good speakers, speaker of good, sorry not all that
call it, but that individual also has meditate in practice has some realizations, realizations,
some realizations of the meaning, teachings, such as bahana, shamada, really good realizations,
not just only know those knowledge, but have realizations. So that is seven qualities.
Then the ad-colleges, we need to be expanded to help the other friends, how those friends
also have a kind of good way to present those knowledge, those teachings to the others and
speak as well, that is ad-colleges. And then always very kind, nine qualities, always very
kind, always very compassionate. Every heart is completely filled with compassion, loving kindness
and also to help and support others. So that is the ninth. And the fourth, so the ninth,
tenth is they're not bored, not tired, tired to help others or help to the friends and also
can present according their readiness, according the situation, not enforcing, not forcing,
but consider the kind of available, make understanding and sharing and supporting,
according their readiness and the part bring up to the growth for broomstickers.
So those 10 qualities is mentioned then in the Mahayana scriptures. This is then the whole mark,
again the whole mark, qualification of the perfect teachers, one who has these 10 qualities,
definitely they are the perfect spiritual friends. One who has not completed everything, then less
complete perfect teachers. So this can be can be as corrected by the words of the Buddha told.
This is also qualified spiritual friends. Once you find that spiritual friends, then what is it?
In the teaching, teaching, they probably with the standard 37 brackets on both of themselves.
If you find that student, that spiritual friend, you should always honor and keep even with a
moment, look more even dear than your own lives. You should respect and appreciate. If you find
that is really gold for those who are sitting the spiritual realization, you find that kind of
teacher.